Okay, so we are in that part of the course.
We were going to be checking what we learned,
so how far we've gone on our learning journey.
For this, we'll head to the certification page
for the Certified Cloud Practitioner exam.
So here I am on the AWS Certified Cloud
Practitioner exam page.
And I'm going to scroll down
and find the exam guide, the CLF-C02 exam guide,
as well as the official practice question sets.
So for the exam guide, it shows you what is expected
of you from an exam perspective, so you are able
to explain the value of the Cloud.
You're supposed to understand the security best practices,
the shared responsibility model and so on.
It says that you have up to six months of exposure
to AWS Cloud design,
but this course gives you all the necessary
knowledge to get there.
Also, you have the knowledge of the Cloud concepts,
the core services, and the economics of the AWS Cloud.
So the idea is that it describes who you are.
Now, if you follow this course up to this point,
I tell you you should be in a really good state
to take this exam regardless if you don't think you're a
perfect fit for the exam guide.
Now the exam itself will have two types of question.
It has the multiple choice question
where one answer is correct
and three are incorrect responses.
They're called distractors.
And then in a multiple response, you have two
or more correct responses out of five
or more response options,
and it will tell you how many responses you should
answer for every question.
Now, if you don't answer a question,
it's marked as incorrect.
And if you guess, there is no penalty.
So answer every single question at your exam no matter what.
There are 50 questions that affect your score
and 15 that are unscored,
and they help AWS collect data
to know if a question at the exam is going
to be good or not.
Now your exam is going to be scored between 100 to 1000
and the passing score is 700.
Here you have the outline of the domains
that are going to be at the exam.
So 24% on Cloud concepts, 30% on security
and compliance, 34% on Cloud technology and services.
And finally 12% on billing, pricing and support.
Now, within each domain, it has been quite specific
with their exam guide into what is covered.
I will let you read about it,
but everything is covered by the course,
I guarantee you this.
So once you've seen all the domains,
finally you have a section on,
and this is a pretty long document, as you can see,
you have the appendix on technologies and concepts.
This is a list of all the services that may
or may not appear at the exam.
So you will notice that most of these things are going
to be covered in my course
and if something is not covered in my course,
it is intentional.
That's because some of these services
may only be distractors and not actual correct answers
and if they happen to be a correct answer,
usually students let me know that there is
a service that is not covered by my course
and then I update my course accordingly.
So you can trust that I cover entirely this exam guide,
even though you will find
that some services in here are not covered by the course.
Otherwise, they would make the course
extremely complicated and long, but don't worry about it.
Now, to assess are you're ready,
you have the official prep question set on this website
called AWS Skill Builder and you can enroll, it's free,
and you'll have 20 questions to practice
and to understand how the exam is actually structured.
So I invite you to enroll in this
and attempt these questions.
Alright, so that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.